README.md, before:

# Jenkins Community Kubernetes Helm Charts

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

The code is provided as-is with no warranties.

## Usage

[Helm](https://helm.sh) must be installed to use the charts.
Please refer to Helm's [documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/) to get started.

Once Helm is set up properly, add the repo as follows:

```console
helm repo add jenkins https://charts.jenkins.io
```

You can then run `helm search repo jenkins` to see the charts.

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
Chart documentation is available in [jenkins directory](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/jenkins/README.md).

## Contributing

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
We'd love to have you contribute! Please refer to our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
[Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Sync README from main
Signed-off-by: justusbunsi <justusbunsi@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Jenkins Helm Charts

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/jenkins)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/jenkinsci/jenkins)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![Releases downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/jenkinsci/helm-charts/total.svg)](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/releases)
[![Join the chat at https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#jenkins-ci:matrix.org](https://badges.gitter.im/badge.svg)](https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#jenkins-ci:matrix.org)

## Usage

[Helm](https://helm.sh) must be installed to use the charts.
Please refer to Helm's [documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/) to get started.

Once Helm is set up properly, add the repository as follows:

```console
helm repo add jenkins https://charts.jenkins.io
helm repo update
```

You can then run `helm search repo jenkins` to see the charts or obtain an exhaustive list of releases from [GitHub releases](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/releases).

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
Chart documentation is available in [jenkins directory](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/jenkins/README.md).

## Building weekly releases

The default charts target Long-Term-Support (LTS) releases of Jenkins.
To use other versions, the easiest way is to update the image tag to the version you want.
You can also rebuild the chart if you want the `appVersion` field to match.

## Contributing

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
We'd love to have you contribute! Please refer to our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

## License

<!-- Keep full URL links to repo files because this README syncs from main to gh-pages.  -->
[Apache 2.0 License](https://github.com/jenkinsci/helm-charts/blob/main/LICENSE).
